Add getting started examples (#5)
osohq/oso-by-example: getting-started/README.md

# Getting started

> These examples complement the [Quickstart](https://www.osohq.com/docs/get-started/quickstart/beginners-guide) guide to show how you may integrate the Oso Cloud client into your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples complement the Oso Cloud [Quickstart Beginner's Guide](https://www.osohq.com/docs/get-started/quickstart/beginners-guide). 

Go to each supported language folder for instructions on how to integrate the Oso Cloud client and run each sample app.
```

Reviewer: Just a quick suggestion.
